README.md, before:

# 🥤 Boba Tea App 🥤

Welcome to the Boba Tea App, a new Flutter project that will quench your thirst for a great mobile app experience! 🎉

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started with this project, you need to have Flutter and Dart installed on your machine. Once you have those, you can clone this repository and run `flutter pub get` in the root directory to fetch the necessary dependencies.

## 📱 Features

Our app offers a variety of features:

- Browse through a wide variety of boba tea options in our catalog 📚
- Customize your drink with different flavors and toppings 🍓🍋🍍
- Place your order and get it delivered to your doorstep 🚚

## 📂 Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

- `lib/main.dart`: This is the entry point of the application.
- `lib/components/`: This directory contains reusable components like the bottom navigation bar and drink tiles.
- `lib/models/`: This directory contains the data models.
- `lib/pages/`: This directory contains the different pages/screens of the application.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check [issues page](../../issues).

## 🎉 Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 📝 Contact

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me.

Happy Coding! 💻

Commit message:

Major Updates
- Added Functional Login, Sign Up and Forgot Password Screens
- Added Firebase to the project
- Users can create accounts, reset passwords and login with their accounts
- Users can log out of accounts

README.md, after:

# 🥤 Boba Tea App 🥤

Welcome to the Boba Tea App, a new Flutter project that will quench your thirst for a great mobile app experience! 🎉

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started with this project, you need to have Flutter and Dart installed on your machine. Once you have those, you can clone this repository and run `flutter pub get` in the root directory to fetch the necessary dependencies.

## 📱 Features

Our app offers a variety of features:

- Browse through a wide variety of boba tea options in our catalog 📚
- Customize your drink with different flavors and toppings 🍓🍋🍍
- Place your order and get it delivered to your doorstep 🚚

## 📂 Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

- `lib/main.dart`: This is the entry point of the application.
- `lib/components/`: This directory contains reusable components like the bottom navigation bar and drink tiles.
- `lib/models/`: This directory contains the data models.
- `lib/pages/`: This directory contains the different pages/screens of the application.

## 🔥 Setting Up Firebase

1. Create a new project on Firebase console.
2. Add an Android/iOS app to the project.
3. Download the `google-services.json` (for Android) or `GoogleService-Info.plist` (for iOS) file.
4. Place the file in the respective directory (`android/app/` for Android, `ios/Runner/` for iOS).
5. Add the Firebase SDK to your `pubspec.yaml` file.
6. Run `flutter packages get` to download the dependencies.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check [issues page](../../issues).

## 🎉 Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

## 📝 Contact

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me.

Happy Coding! 💻
